# 1.1-1
Give a real-world example that requires sorting or a real-world example that requires computing a convex hull.

Building a fence around your yard would be a real-word example of a convex hull. Presumably you'd have a number of known points that represented the boundaries of your property and it could be in your best interest to minimize the size of the your building materials and therefore the length of the fence.

# 1.1-2
Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?

Efficient use of memory can be very important in a real-world setting. 

# 1.1-3
Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and limitations.

A dictionary is a data structure that organizes information by a particular key. Lookup within a dictionary is very fast O(1), however a dictionary isn't a particularly effective tool for mapping relationships between various nodes or inputs. 

# 1.1-4
How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?

These two problems are similar in that they both involve an entity moving between various points. They are different in that the traveling salesperson will begin and end in the same place whereas the shortest-path has a beginning point that is different from its endpoint.

# 1.1-5
Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then come up with one in which a solution that is "approximately" the best is good enough.

When NASA launches the space shuttle they need the best solution for the amount of gas the astronauts should bring. Too much gas will lead to problems with being overweight which will effect the trajectory of the shuttle not to mention additional gas to carry the weight of the additional gas. Too little gas could have catastrophic consequences in terms of loss of life and dealing with unanticipated needs. On the other hand, the amount of food to pack can handle an approximate solution. The astronauts can survive for a relatively long time with no food at all and extra dehydrated food neither weighs much nor takes up much space. 

# 1.2-1
Give an example of an application that requires algorithmic content at the application level, and discuss the function of the algorithms involved.

Email requires any number of algorithmic content at the application level. Users expect to be able to sort by any number of attributes. Searching must also be implemented. The function of the algorithm would be to find a subset within the content of an email.

# 1.2-2
Suppose we are comparing implementations of insertion sort and merge sort on the same machine. For inputs of size n, insertion sort runs in 8n2 steps, while merge sort runs in 64n lg n steps. For which values of n does insertion sort beat merge sort?

insertion sort beats merge sort for values of n less than 1.57.

# 1.2-3 
What is the smallest value of n such that an algorithm whose running time is 100n2 runs faster than an algorithm whose running time is 2n on the same machine?
n = 1/50

# 1-1 Comparison of running times
For each function f(n) and time t in the following table, determine the largest size n of a problem that can be solved in time t, assuming that the algorithm to solve the problem takes f(n) microseconds.

        1 second    1 mintues    1 hour    1 day    1 month    1 year    1 century
ln n 
sqrt(n)
n
n lg n
n^2
n^3
2^n
n!
